what rap you gotta give me a raptor
rapido all right what's the word what's
the word give me where wash with no no
no pose no I garden hose yeah we got no
hisses no um go off whatever first when
it comes to your head Nissan no HP ink
no Nissan Nissan worth what was the work
with wait what what the fuck are doing
this seat I don't have neither strong
it's um we're okay to look nice on my
knees are hot and I'm what up we on
because I'm riding in my nissan
everybody on the sense of this size
rather than miami tongue rolling up this
fifth grade rolling up my niece done is
great i really like some play here i
really like the lace here backseat of my
limousine just kidding it's a nice time
[Music]